>> Stephen: THANKS, BOOMER!
LET'S DO THIS!
STEPHEN COLBERT.
( BAND PLAYING INTRO MUSIC  )
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE  )
Captioning sponsored by CBS
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Stephen: WELCOME TO "THE
LATE SHOW,"" EVERYBODY.
HELLO, JON.
HELLO, HUMAN.
HELLO, EVERYBODY.
>> STEPHEN!
STEPHEN!
>> Stephen: THANKS, EVERYBODY.
WELCOME TO "THEALATE SHOW."
TONIGHT, I AM PROUD TO SAY WE
ARE LIVE FROM THE ED SULLIVAN
THEATER HERE IN NEW YORK CITY.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
I'M YOUR QUARTERBACK, STEPHEN
COLBERT.
I JUST WANT TO THANK EVERYBODY
AT HOME FOR STICKING WITH US, OR
FOR LOSING THE REMOTE IN
A BOWL OF QUESO DIP.
EITHER WAY, I'M GRATEFUL YOU'RE
STILL HERE.
IT'S AN HONOR TO FOLLOW THE
SUPER BOWL, ESPECIALLY SUPER
BOWL 50.
THAT'S A MILESTONE BECAUSE NOW,
THE SUPERBOWL GETS TO JOIN
A.A.R.P.
THAT'S DISCOUNT MOVIE TICKETS.
BUS RIDES, EVERYTHING.
AND BECAUSE WE ARE BROADCASTING
LIVE, I COULD DO ANYTHING.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
ANYTHING.
>> Jon: YOU CAN DO ANYTHING.
YOU CAN DO ANYTHING TONIGHT.
IT'S WIDE OPEN.
>> Stephen: AND CBS HAS A TEAM
OF LAWYERS STANDING BY TO MAKE
SURE I DON'T.
( APPLAUSE )
NOTHING HERE.
LET'S GET TO IT.
WE'VE GOT AN AMAZING SHOW FOR
YOU TONIGHT.
FROM "WHISKEY TANGO FOXTROT,"
TINA FEY AND MARGOT ROBBIE ARE
HERE!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
FROM "ZOOLANDER 2," THE GREAT
WILL FERRELL!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
AND FROM THE UPCOMING FILM
"KEANU," KEY AND PEELE.
WILL BE ON THE SHOW.
AND I'M VERY EXCITED ABOUT
THIS-- I WILL BE JOINED BY
DONALD TRUMP'S KRYPTONITE, MEGYN
KELLY.
SORRY, I GOT IT IN MY BLOOD
RIGHT NOW.
LIKE A LOT OF PEOPLE, AFTER
EVERY SUPER BOWL I LIKE TO WORK
OFF SOME OF THE THAT NACHO
WEIGHT
BY TOSSING AROUND THE OLD
PIGSKIN, THE LACY
BURRITO, THE DIMPLED BROWN
TACKLE MAGNET.
SO LET'S GO STRAIGHT OUT TO
SOMEBODY.
THE MAN IN THE CAMO.
>> NICE PASS, STEPHEN.
>> LIEUTENANT COLONEL
CHRISTOPHER LANDERS AND
THE U.S. ARMY'S 10th MOUNTAIN
DIVISION INAFGHANISTAN!
DID YOU GUYS WATCH THE
SUPERBOWL?
>> ACTUALLY, WE'RE A COUPLE TIME
ZONES AHEAD.
WE WATCHED IT NINE HOURS AGO.
>> Stephen: OF COURSE!
WHAT WAS I THINKING?
DID YOU GUYS HAVE A SUPER BOWL
PARTY, ORDER SOME PIZZA?
>> WELL, PAPA JOHN'S DOESN'T
DELIVER TO KANDAHAR, SO WE MADE
A SEVEN-LAYER DIP.
>> Stephen: THAT'S COOL.
WHAT'S THE RECIPE?
>> THE BOTTOM LAYER IS SALSA,
AND THE TOP SIX LAYERS ARE DUST.
>> Stephen: THAT SOUNDS GOOD.
SAVE ME SOME OF THAT.
WELL, THANK YOU, SIR.
AND TO YOU AND ALL THOSE SERVING
OVERSEAS, PLEASE STAY SAFE.
>> THANK YOU, STEPHEN.
>> Stephen: THIS ONE I HAVE TO
WARM UP A LITTLE BIT.
THIS ONE SAY HAIL MARY.
BOOM!
ASTRONAUT SCOTT KELLEY AT THE
INTERNATIONAL SPACE STATION.
SCOTT, DID YOU FOLKS UP THERE
WATCH THE GAME?
>> WE ABSOLUTELY DID WATCH THE
GAME FROM UP HERE, AND IT WAS A
GREAT VIEW FROM OUR SKYBOX.
>> Stephen: DID YOU DO ANY KIND
OF SUPER BOWL PARTY, MAKE A BIG
BATCH OF CHILI OR SOMETHING?
>> WELL, CHILI, UH, WE WOULDN'T
MAKE CHILI, BECAUSE IT'S NOT
LIKE WE CAN CRACK A WINDOW
UP HERE.
>> Stephen: I GET YOUR DRIFT,
SCOTT.
DO YOU THINK YOU CAN THROW ME A
SPIRAL FROM UP THERE?
>> I CAN THROW YOU A SPIRAL.
I CAN TRY AT LEAST.
>> Stephen: ALL RIGHT.
I HOPE HE'S OKAY.
WE'VE LOST THE FEED.
AND APPARENTLY THE BALL.
DO WE KNOW WHERE IT IS?
IS IT JUST FLOATING OUT IN SPACE
SOMEPLACE?
WHO'S GOT THE BALL?
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Stephen: THANKS CHEWIE.
HE'S SHEDDING.
THAT GUY WOULD MAKE A GOOD
LINEBACKER OR A GREAT MASCOT.
OKAY, WE GOT TIME FOR ONE MORE.
I CAN'T QUITE SEE WHO IT IS.
YOU IN THE BACK, THE TALL GUY
WITH THE REALLY BIG EARS.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> NICE ARM, STEPHEN.
>> Stephen: PRESIDENT OBAMA!
DID YOU WATCH THE GAME, SIR?
>> OF COURSE, I DID.
AFTER EVERY SUPER BOWL I CALL
THE WINNING TEAM AND
CONGRATULATE THEM, AND SOMETIMES
I ALSO CALL THE LOSING TEAM,
BECAUSE SOMETIMES I BET ON THEM.
>> Stephen: CIRC HATE TO BRAKE
THIS TO YOU.
BUT BETTING IS ILLEGAL?
>> I'M THE PRESIDENT.
I HONOR PARDON MYSELF.
>> Stephen: FAIR ENOUGH.
SIR, WHAT WAS YOUR FAVORITE PART
OF TONIGHT A GAME?
>> PROBABLY WHEN THE WINNING
TEAM SEALED THE DEAL WITH THE
TOUCHDOWN THANKS TO THE GUY WHO
WAS REALLY GOOD.
>> Stephen: SIR, THAT'S
INCREDIBLY VAGUE.
ARE YOU SURE THAT YOU WATCHED
THE GAME?
>> WELL, LOOK, YOU CAUGHT ME.
THIS IS NOT ACTUALLY LIVE.
THIS IS A PRETAPE WE SHOT LAST
WEEK.
( LAUGHTER ).
>> Stephen: SIR, WITH ALL DUE
RESPECT, I'VE MADE A REALLY BIG
DEAL ABOUT THE FACT THIS IS A
LIVE SHOW TONIGHT.
I'VE-- I REALLY FIND IT HARD TO
BELIEVE THAT YOU ARE PRETAPED.
>> ALL RIGHT, I'M GOING TO PROVE
IT TO YOU.
COME ON OUT HERE.
>> Stephen: HEY, MAN.
GOOD LUCK WITH THE LIVE SHOW.
THAT'S A LOT OF PRESSURE.
GLAD I'M NOT YOU.
>> YOU SEE.
>> Stephen: OKAY, I STAND
CORRECTED.
( LAUGHTER )
SO LET ME GET THIS STRAIGHT--
YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW WHO WON THE
GAME, SIR?
>> I DIDN'T SAY THAT.
OF COURSE, I DO.
IT WAS THE DENVER BRONCOS.
>> Stephen: WHAT!
IF IT WAS A PRETAPE, HOW COULD
YOU POSSIBLY KNOW THAT?
>> STEPHEN, I AM THE PRESIDENT.
AND IT TURNS OUT ALL THE SUPER
BOWL WINNERS FOR THE NEXT 50
YEARS ARE WRITTEN ON THE BACK OF
THE CONSTITUTION.
( LAUGHTER )
THAT'S THE PLOT OF "NATIONAL
TREASURE 3."
>> Stephen: SIR, THERE IS NO
"NATIONAL TREASURE 3."
>> THAT'S WHAT YOU THINK.
THERE WILL BE.
THE SCRIPT IS ON THE BACK OF THE
DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Stephen: WELL, THANK YOU
FOR JOINING US.
THANK YOU FOR JOINING US, EVEN
BY PRETAPE, SIR.
NOW I'M AFRAID I'M GOING TO NEED
THAT BALL BACK.
>> ABSOLUTELY.
GET READY.
I'M GOING TO PUT SOME MUSTARD ON
THIS ONE.
OOOOH!
UH-OH.
>> ALL RIGHT, EVERYBODY, LET'S
MOVE.
I WANT TO SEE YOUR VERY BEST
SUPER BOWL TOUCHDOWN DANCE.
COME ON.
SKEWS ME!
WHO IS THROWING A FOOTBALL IN
THE WHITE HOUSE?
>> OOOOOH.
( LAUGHTER )
( APPLAUSE )
>> Stephen: HEY!